About the job
About The Team

Business Operations guides some of our largest investment areas and tackles mission-critical business problems with a direct impact on research, product, go-to-market, partnerships, and the overall success of OpenAI. This small, fast-moving team excels at structuring ambiguity, setting strategy, aligning stakeholders, and driving operational execution. Team members are highly analytical, break down the business from first principles, and act as close business partners to functional leaders across the company to ensure we achieve our most ambitious goals.

About The Role

We are hiring a Business Operations Lead to join our dynamic, high-impact team. In this role, you will be mapped to a specific business area and partner with senior leaders to manage direction and performance of the business.

You’ll be responsible for gaining a deep understanding of the business at both the micro and macro level, and determining how your area aligns with OpenAI’s broader strategy. This includes assessing our focus on key priorities, identifying the factors that move the business, and exploring opportunities to accelerate our success. You’ll leverage these insights to ensure we’re building the best models, products, and business, and you’ll roll up your sleeves and jump in to overcome any challenges that arise on the way to our goals.

Success in this role requires a unique blend of strategic thinking, analytical skills, and operational problem-solving abilities. You’ll need to collaborate effectively across the organization, secure buy-in, craft well-rounded solutions, and drive impactful results.

This role is based in our San Francisco HQ. We operate on a hybrid work model with three days in the office per week and offer relocation assistance. Travel is required up to 20% of the time.

In This Role, You Will

Collaborate closely with senior leaders to shape the strategic direction and performance of specific business areas, ensuring alignment with OpenAI’s overarching objectives and long-term vision.
Evaluate whether current initiatives contribute to our multi-year goals, ensuring that today’s actions lay the foundation for future success.
Deep dive into the critical drivers of the business, enhancing operational understanding and identifying opportunities for optimization and innovation.
Define and establish key performance metrics that accurately measure success, working closely with the finance team to ensure forecasts are aligned with the business inputs we aim to influence.
Develop and optimize monetization strategies, including pricing and packaging, to position our offerings competitively in the market and drive sustainable growth.
Identify and execute against growth strategies in collaboration with product, go-to-market, and partnerships teams.
Own monthly business reviews, crafting a clear, data-driven narrative around the business area’s performance, and effectively communicating insights and recommendations to the senior leadership team. 

You Might Thrive In This Role If You

Have 8+ years of experience in business operations, strategy, venture capital, private equity, or consulting, with at least 4 years operating within a company. 
Have extensive experience in taking end-to-end ownership of large, ambiguous problems, and breaking them down into clear, actionable plans. 
Have direct experience engaging with executives and senior leaders to influence and drive strategic decisions. 
Are highly analytical – sophisticated in your understanding and approach to modeling, and familiar with SQL. 
Are comfortable operating at all altitudes – discussing strategy and vision with executives, and troubleshooting operations with individual contributors. 
Have excellent communication and cross-functional collaboration skills. 
Are passionate about technology and artificial intelligence, and interested in its impact on business and society.

Nice To Haves

Hands-on experience with SQL and visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Mode). 
Experience working in AI. 

About OpenAI

OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. We push the boundaries of the capabilities of AI systems and seek to safely deploy them to the world through our products. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core, and to achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity.

We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.

OpenAI Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement

For US Based Candidates: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, and requests can be made via this link.

OpenAI Global Applicant Privacy Policy

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.