https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/Acorns/e599b520-c99b-4017-995f-8c2df83aab53?utm_campaign=mwk&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_source=morning_brew
At Acorns we look after the financial best interest of the up-and-coming.  We are innovators. We make bold decisions. We stay curious, inspiring one another to push past all previous thresholds of possibility.  We are one team and are building a diverse community of team members, partners, and customers from all walks of life to foster creativity, challenge conventional thinking, and put the tools of wealth-making in everyone’s hands. 
We are looking for missionaries who are rooted in purpose, to join our team. We can achieve our goals if we are a team of missionaries working toward a shared purpose and mission. 
Our mission? With benevolence and courage, we look after the financial best interests of the up-and-coming; beginning with the empowering, proud step of micro-investing.
How do we accomplish our mission? Our values. 
Lead With Heart 
With compassion, integrity, and tenacity, inspire yourself and others to move past all previous thresholds of possibility
Make Bold Decisions
We are creating a new world. Be optimistic, adventurous, and courageous. Leap fearlessly into the future
Always Build Trust
Say what you mean, mean what you say, and do what you say you’re going to do. We are all owners. We are one team
Never Stop Growing
Change IS the constant. Stay hungry and curious. Be relentless in the pursuit of progress
Find a way
Never settle, no excuses, nothing is impossible. Just make it happen
Our values guide us, and our mission drives us. 
Come join us and help deliver financial wellness for the whole family, creating compound growth at every life stage.
Brand Marketing Manager | Acorns
Acorns is seeking a Brand Marketing Manager to help grow our brand through creative marketing initiatives, bold ideas, and breakthrough content. Reporting directly into the Senior Brand Marketing Manager, you will collaborate across the marketing team to ensure development of creative that addresses the customer needs, tells the story of Acorns, and drives growth. We’re looking for an individual who is creative, strategic, and will take the initiative to bring ideas to life.
This role has the option to be remote or based in our Irvine, CA, or New York, NY offices.
Within 1 month, you will:
Integrate into the team and familiarize yourself with all tools and processes
Deep dive into and understand the current marketing strategy, channels, funnel, metrics and process
Familiarize yourself with Acorns brand values and how we use these in our creative messaging
Develop an understanding of our customer base and target audiences
Complete Acorns’ best-in-class onboarding, Acorns’ Seedling Program
Participate in a virtual coffee session hosted by Acorns’ CEO, Noah Kerner
Attend your first community-wide virtual all-hands meeting
Within 3 months, you will:
Work with manager and team to establish priorities
Tell a clear and compelling story through multiple marketing touchpoints in a way that inspires customers to act
Work closely with the growth marketing and creative teams to pitch and develop breakthrough brand messaging
Integrate into Acorns’ creative process, including with internal and external partners,with support from the Senior Brand Marketing Manager.  
Begin to lead creative reporting, working with the growth marketing team to offer commentary and insights about messages performance, and offering ideas for continued testing. 
Review your 30-60-90 day goals and accomplishments with your manager
Opportunity to engage in Acorn’s Community & Heritage celebrations
Receive operational updates from our GoHenry & PixPay team members during Acorns’ quarterly global virtual all-hands session
Within 6 months, you will:
Own and grow our creative process through identifying and managing creator relationships
Become a leader in driving our brand messaging forward, and seamlessly executing updates to brand guidelines across touchpoints
Dive into research around customer needs, and identity opportunities where Acorns can be a solution to help customers build their financial future
Actively pitch exciting new creative ideas to drive growth 
Stay on top of trends, and identify opportunities for Acorns to speak to our customers in exciting new ways
Become a collaborate, solution oriented partner to our cross functional partner teams 
Stay nimble and adaptable to change
Champion our brand through multiple marketing touchpoints 
Participate in a performance check-in as a part of our performance management cycle
What you will bring to Acorns:
4 or more years of relevant experience in brand marketing, social media, or similar roles
Hands-on experience working with influencers, creators, and agency partners
Sharp storytelling skills that inspire customers to action
Strong understanding of media and social platforms, and their creative best practices
Passion for and experience collaborating on marketing programs, launches, and campaigns
Excellent collaboration and interpersonal skills
Thirst for delivering game-changing products
Exceptional drive and precision in delivery
A belief that your work is tied to your life's mission
Optimistic about the potential of societal change
You are not expected to have experience with all listed requirements. If you feel passionate about Acorns' mission, vision, and values, please apply.  
What we offer: 
Competitive salary and stock options
A comprehensive benefits package to meet the needs of you and your family
Flexible work hours, location, and paid time off 
401k discretionary match
Monthly Acorns account contribution & GoHenry account for your family
Wellness Days - Company-wide quarterly days off to rest + recharge
Mindfulness, Mental Health, and Financial Wellness resources: Headspace, Ginger, and Addition Wealth are offered at no cost to you
Acorns Career Development Program (Monthly Acorns to Oaks training sessions, development plans, quarterly development check-ins, Cornerstone’s online training platform)
Roots Leadership Program for emerging leaders
Monthly community celebrations, events, panel discussions, and speakers
Talented and motivated team members who care deeply about one another, our mission, and our customers.
The rare opportunity to create a new world. We inspire one another every day to do meaningful work that solves big societal challenges.
About Acorns:
Acorns is how everyday consumers save & invest for the long term. By putting the tools of wealth-making in everyone's hands, Acorns has become the largest subscription service in U.S. consumer finance, serving over 13 million everyday Americans. Today, Acorns is a global company across five countries with three distinct products, including GoHenry, the leader in money management and financial education for kids in the US and UK, and Pixpay, a leading European money manager for teens. At Acorns, customers get automated investing in diversified portfolios, a simple retirement product, a bank account that helps people spend less to invest more, and bonus investments from 20k brands. Parents can easily invest in their kids and get money news they can use to grow at every life stage. From acorns, mighty oaks do grow!
Mission:
With benevolence and courage, we look after the financial best interests of the up-and-coming; beginning with the empowering step of micro-investing.
Values:
Lead With Heart
Make Bold Decisions
Always Build Trust
Never Stop Growing
Find a Way
Commitment to a diverse community: 
Acorns is committed to building a diverse community of customers, partners, and team members. We believe that fostering diversity not only fuels creativity but also challenges conventional thinking and helps us properly represent the unique experience of the everyday consumer that we serve. 
Compensation Information:
The pay range for this position at commencement of employment is expected to be between $114,500 and $134,500/year; however, base pay offered may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package for this position may also include other elements, including a sign-on bonus, equity grants, and discretionary cash bonus awards in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits (including 401(k) eligibility and various paid time off benefits, such as vacation, sick time, and parental leave), dependent on the position offered. Details of participation in these benefit plans will be provided if an employee receives an offer of employment.
If hired, employee will be in an “at-will position” and the Company reserves the right to modify base salary (as well as any other discretionary payment or compensation program) at any time, including for reasons related to individual performance, Company or individual department/team performance, and market factors.
Work Authorization:
Acorns participates in E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. For more information about E-Verify, please visit www.e-verify.gov