About the job
Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether it’s consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!

The Business Operations team is focused on solving some of Figma's most challenging business issues. We are a small team that works collaboratively across Engineering, Product, Go-to-Market, and Operations teams on a variety of strategic initiatives with a direct and quantifiable impact on our business. You will be asked to tackle a variety of unstructured problems, dissect them, synthesize a set of actionable insights and partner in the execution & implementation of the solution. The role requires someone who is highly analytical and strategic, a great communicator, approaches problems in a structured manner, and is comfortable with ambiguity. You’ll get substantial senior leadership exposure, focus on the highest-priority business issues and be plugged into every facet of the business.

This is a full time role that can be held from one of our US hubs or remotely in the United States.

What you'll do at Figma:

Identify, evaluate and prioritize new product initiatives, go-to-market strategies and operational projects, with an eye toward long term value creation
Partner with key stakeholders across product, marketing, people, sales, and customer experience to understand, scope and implement operational improvements or perform analysis to inform strategic decision-making 
Execute on those recommendations until you’ve achieved the desired outcome

We’d love to hear from you if you have:

4+ years of relevant experience in investment banking, management consulting, private equity, corporate planning, business finance, analytics, or related fields
Demonstrated ability to distill complex issues into structured frameworks and develop concrete action plans
Strong analytical expertise, and extensive experience building integrated models from scratch
Experience building relationships and communicating with stakeholders across all levels and functions
Demonstrated ability to build processes from scratch
Proven proclivity for quickly identifying and methodically resolving potential road-blocks

While it’s not required, it’s an added plus if you also have:

Experience at a high growth B2B SaaS company
Experience partnering with Product & GTM teams 
Experience with SQL 

At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.

Pay Transparency Disclosure

If based in Figma’s San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.

Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80% and 100% of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information.

Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental & vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave & reproductive or family planning support, mental health & wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning & development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement. Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figma’s compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future. You may view our Pay Transparency Policy by clicking on the corresponding link.

Annual Base Salary Range (SF/NY Hub):

$112,000—$238,000 USD

At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.

We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to apply for a role, participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-ext@figma.com. These modifications enable an individual with a disability to have an equal opportunity not only to get a job, but successfully perform their job tasks to the same extent as people without disabilities.

Examples of accommodations include but are not limited to:

Holding interviews in an accessible location
Enabling closed captioning on video conferencing
Ensuring all written communication be compatible with screen readers
Changing the mode or format of interviews 

By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figma's Privacy Policy.