Business User Learning Manager 
North Carolina, United States · 20 hours ago · 34 applicants
Remote  Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.
Skills: Communication, Project Management, +8 more

About the job
Are you passionate about empowering business users with the skills to excel in an AI-powered workforce? Come be a part of a team that's dedicated to charting the course for an educated, innovative and AI-fluent society. If you join Microsoft’s Worldwide Learning, you will join an organization whose mission is to inspire every person and every organization on the planet to maximize their growth through learning.

Use of generative AI has nearly doubled in the last six months, with 75% of global knowledge workers now using it. As a Business User Learning Manager in Worldwide Learning, you will have the opportunity to shape the future of education for business users whose roles are being transformed by AI. Leveraging your deep expertise about how current and next generation business users learn globally, you will innovate and develop a series of short-form, highly engaging videos to help people thrive in an AI-powered workforce across a variety of functions. You will hone your cross-team collaboration capabilities while working across multiple organizations inside and outside Microsoft to scale effectively. This is an individual contributor role that offers flexibility in that you will be able to partner with your manager to define the way that you’d like to work, whether that is in the office or from home.

Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.

Responsibilities

Innovate, develop and execute short-form content strategies that resonate with business users worldwide.
Collaborate with marketing teams to execute on marketing strategies that effectively promote short-form content to business user audiences
Utilize data-driven insights to measure impact and inform content development.
Advocate for the business user audience, ensuring their needs and challenges are addressed in our learning solutions.

Embody our Culture  & Values

Qualifications

Required/Minimum Qualifications

Vocational qualification or higher education degree (e.g., Bachelor's Degree) AND/OR 2+ years experience in Learning and Development, relevant technical roles, business development, field or sales, HR, customer success, collection management, research/restoration evaluation, industry, or program/project management
OR Master's Degree or equivalent AND/OR 1+ year(s) experience in Learning and Development, relevant technical roles, business development, quota management, human resources (HR), customer success, collection management, research/restoration evaluation, industry, or program/project management
OR equivalent experience.
Additional Or Preferred Qualifications

Vocational qualification or higher education degree (e.g., Bachelor's Degree) AND 6+ years experience in Learning and Development, relevant technical roles, business development, field or sales, HR, customer success, collection management, research/restoration evaluation, industry, or program/project management
OR Master's Degree or equivalent AND 4+ years experience in Learning and Development, relevant technical roles, business development, field or sales, human resources (HR), customer success, collection management, research/restoration evaluation, industry, or program/project management
OR equivalent experience.
Microsoft Fundamentals, Coaching (e.g., International Coaching Federation), Project and/or Program Management Professional, archival, or a similar certificate.
Demonstrates commitment to career development and continuous or consistent learning through formal and informal efforts (e.g., change management, design thinking, management training, online courses).
Proven experience in learning strategy and development for general population audiences such as business users.
Understanding of how AI is reshaping the workforce globally.
Proficient communication and collaboration skills.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment.
Integrated Learning IC4 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $94,600 - $183,800 per year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $122,000 - $200,500 per year.

Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay.

Microsoft will accept applications for the role until September 10, 2024