About the job
If you are motivated and believe in the credit union philosophy of "People Helping People," join our team!

Assist in development of Data and Analytics/BI Strategy for the EPMO. Collaborate with business stakeholders to understand their analytical needs, translate requirements into effective data visualizations and execute strategy. Report progress to direct and executive management.
Design, develop and implement dashboards and reports and provide actionable insights. Oversee projects to enhance analytics reporting, dashboards and visualizations that help the EPMO and/or business with Project Portfolio Health, Project Reporting, daily project level tasks, provide valuable insights into business and PM teams, monitor risks and to make informed strategic decisions
Research and develop new processes that improve on EPMO visibility and project execution, reporting/analytics and processes for the project teams and other developers that make the development of data solutions more accessible and efficient, easier to understand and ensures accuracy. 
Oversee project portfolio performance, identify data gaps and projects going beyond tolerances, and take corrective action to maintain standards in project execution. Coach PM Team and delegate tasks as needed. Analyze and understand business processes, business needs and data sets to recommend and use validated statistical methods to develop data solutions/metrics for stakeholders and management
Mentor/Train other team members to independently troubleshoot and resolve simple and complex data quality and reporting issues. Serve as reviewer/editor of training content and data support documentation.
Architect and maintain content and security within enterprise reporting platform

Required Skills

Bachelor’s degree in Business, Information Technology, Computer Science or related field; or the equivalent combination of education and experience
10+ years of relevant experience
Strong experience with developing analytics/reporting with modern Business Intelligence tools
Work experience in Analytics, Business Intelligence or Statistical Analysis
Project Management Experience
Process Reengineering Experience
Strong analytical skills
Strong attention to detail and data accuracy
Detail oriented with ability to independently validate own data
Ability to work on multiple requests while completing deliverables on time
Ability to effectively communicate with subject matter experts, business leaders and stakeholders to determine project requirements
Ability to effectively explain and support the data and practices utilized in reports, analytics and dashboards

Desired Skills

Six Sigma certification
Large Financial Institution experience
Master’s degree
Experience with Tableau

SECU provides equal employment opportunity to all qualified persons regardless of race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or other classification protected by law.