https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/launchdarkly/jobs/6073296003
Customer Education Manager
Hybrid - San Francisco Bay Area
About the Job:

LaunchDarkly is seeking a dynamic and experienced Customer Education Manager to lead our customer education initiatives and the LaunchDarkly Academy. This role is critical in ensuring our customers understand and utilize our platform effectively, driving adoption, satisfaction, and success in a scalable format.

Responsibilities:

Design, develop, and deliver comprehensive educational programs and resources, including e-learning modules, webinars, workshops, and documentation tailored to various customer segments and needs.
Create and manage onboarding programs to ensure new customers have a seamless and effective start with LaunchDarkly, accelerating their time-to-value.
Produce high-quality educational content, such as video tutorials, user guides, FAQs, and best practice documentation, to enhance customer knowledge and usage of our platform.
Work closely with Customer Success, Sales, Product, and Marketing teams to identify learning gaps and opportunities, ensuring alignment and consistency in customer communication and training efforts.
Establish and track key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure the effectiveness of LaunchDarkly Academy, continuously improving based on feedback and data-driven insights.
Collect and analyze customer feedback to refine and enhance learning materials and programs, ensuring they meet customer needs and drive engagement.
Facilitate live training sessions, both virtual and in-person, to educate customers on best practices, new features, and advanced usage of the LaunchDarkly platform.
Foster a community of practice among customers by organizing user groups, forums, and other engagement activities to share knowledge and best practices.
About You:

Customer-centric mindset with a passion for helping others succeed.
Strong project management skills with the ability to handle multiple initiatives simultaneously.
Data-driven approach to measure and improve program effectiveness.
Ability to work collaboratively across teams and build strong relationships.
Self-starter who exhibits accountability and strong organizational skills
You thrive in a fast paced environment, appreciate and demonstrate flexibility as needed
You’re a do-er with a bias towards action and creative problem-solving
Qualifications:

5+ years in B2B SaaS in instructional design and eLearning development
Strong instructional design and content creation skills.
Excellent communication and presentation skills.
HTML & CSS experience.
Ability to translate technical concepts into easily understandable content.
Proficiency in e-learning development tools and Skilljar, our learning management systems (LMS).
Experience with video production and editing tools.
Pay:

Target pay ranges based on Geographic Zones* for Level ____:

Zone 1: San Francisco/Bay Area or New York City Metropolitan Area (if not Bay area specific role): $xx - $xx**
Zone 2: Boston, DC, Irvine, LA, Monterey, Santa Barbara, Santa Rosa, Seattle: $xx - $xx**
Zone 3: All other US locations: $xx - $xx**
LaunchDarkly operates from a place of high trust and transparency; we are happy to state the pay range for our open roles to best align with your needs. Exact compensation may vary based on skills, experience, and location.

*Within the United States, our geographic pay zones are defined by counties surrounding major metropolitan areas.
**Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), health, vision, and dental insurance, and mental health benefits in addition to salary.

About LaunchDarkly:

Modern software delivery was supposed to be the foundation for a thriving digital business but reality has proven otherwise. Slow, inefficient development cycles, costly outages, and fragmented customer experiences are preventing developers from building their best software. The LaunchDarkly platform helps developers innovate on new features faster while protecting them with a safety valve to instantly rewind when things go wrong. Developers can target product experiences to any customer segment and maximize the business impact of every feature. And by gradually rolling out new application components, they escape nightmare "big-bang" technology migrations. 

The LaunchDarkly platform was built to guide engineers to the next frontier of DevOps by:

Improving the velocity and stability of software releases, without the fear of end customer outages
Delivering targeted experiences by easily personalizing features to customer cohorts
Maximizing the business impact of every feature through the ability to experiment and optimize
Coordinating the release and optimization of software to provide consistent experiences across mobile platforms and device types
Improving the effectiveness and productivity of engineering teams, by providing insights into engineering cadence and stability
At LaunchDarkly, we believe in the power of teams. We're building a team that is humble, open, collaborative, respectful and kind. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. LD invites any applicant to review our written Affirmative Action Plan. To do so, contact People Ops at hr@launchdarkly.com. 

One of our company values is 'Widen the Circle'. Which means we seek out diversity of perspectives to get better results. We understand everyone has their own unique talents and experiences. We encourage you to apply to this role even if you don’t think you meet 100% of the qualifications outlined above. We can find out together if it's the right match for your skillset.

Do you need a disability accommodation?

Fill out this accommodations request form and someone from our People Operations team will contact you for assistance. 

Apply for this job
*
indicates a required field
First Name*

Last Name*

Email*

Phone*

Resume/CV*
AttachAttach
,
Dropbox
,
Google Drive
,
or
enter manuallyenter manually
Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf
Cover Letter
AttachAttach
,
Dropbox
,
Google Drive
,
or
enter manuallyenter manually
Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf
LinkedIn Profile

Are you legally authorized to work in the United States for LaunchDarkly?*
Select...



Do you now, or will you in the future, require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B visa status, etc.) to work legally for LaunchDarkly in the United States?*
Select...



Where is your permanent (City, State) work location?*

Education
School
Select...


Degree
Select...


Discipline
Select...


Start date month
Select...


Start date year

End date month
Select...


End date year

Add another
U.S. Standard Demographic Questions
We invite applicants to share their demographic background. Please note this optional survey is different from the EEO questions further in the application -- we encourage you to answer both, as one is required for government reporting, and the other includes additional questions to further identify areas of improvement in our goal to become a more diverse and inclusive organization. Your responses will not be associated with your specific application and will not in any way be used in the hiring decision.

How would you describe your gender identity? (mark all that apply)
Select...


How would you describe your racial/ethnic background? (mark all that apply)
Select...


How would you describe your sexual orientation? (mark all that apply)
Select...


Do you identify as transgender?
Select...


Do you have a disability or chronic condition (physical, visual, auditory, cognitive, mental, emotional, or other) that substantially limits one or more of your major life activities, including mobility, communication (seeing, hearing, speaking), and learning?
Select...


Are you a veteran or active member of the United States Armed Forces?
Select...


Voluntary Self-Identification
For government reporting purposes, we ask candidates to respond to the below self-identification survey. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.

As set forth in LaunchDarkly’s Equal Employment Opportunity policy, we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected group status under any applicable law.
Gender
Select...


Are you Hispanic/Latino?
Select...


Race & Ethnicity Definitions
If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows:

A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.

A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service.

An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense.

An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985.
Veteran Status
Select...


Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability
Form CC-305
Page 1 of 1
OMB Control Number 1250-0005
Expires 04/30/2026

Why are you being asked to complete this form?
We are a federal contractor or subcontractor. The law requires us to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We have a goal of having at least 7% of our workers as people with disabilities. The law says we must measure our progress towards this goal. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had one. People can become disabled, so we need to ask this question at least every five years.

Completing this form is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer is confidential. No one who makes hiring decisions will see it. Your decision to complete the form and your answer will not harm you in any way. If you want to learn more about the law or this form, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.

How do you know if you have a disability?
A disability is a condition that substantially limits one or more of your “major life activities.” If you have or have ever had such a condition, you are a person with a disability. Disabilities include, but are not limited to:

Alcohol or other substance use disorder (not currently using drugs illegally)
Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, HIV/AIDS
Blind or low vision
Cancer (past or present)
Cardiovascular or heart disease
Celiac disease
Cerebral palsy
Deaf or serious difficulty hearing
Diabetes
Disfigurement, for example, disfigurement caused by burns, wounds, accidents, or congenital disorders
Epilepsy or other seizure disorder
Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, irritable bowel syndrome
Intellectual or developmental disability
Mental health conditions, for example, depression, bipolar disorder, anxiety disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD
Missing limbs or partially missing limbs
Mobility impairment, benefiting from the use of a wheelchair, scooter, walker, leg brace(s) and/or other supports
Nervous system condition, for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson’s disease, multiple sclerosis (MS)
Neurodivergence, for example, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder, dyslexia, dyspraxia, other learning disabilities
Partial or complete paralysis (any cause)
Pulmonary or respiratory conditions, for example, tuberculosis, asthma, emphysema
Short stature (dwarfism)
Traumatic brain injury
Disability Status
Select...


PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.
Powered by

Read our Privacy Policy