https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/launchdarkly/jobs/6073291003
LaunchDarkly Logo
Back to jobs
Customer Advocacy Manager
Hybrid - San Francisco Bay Area
About the Job:

LaunchDarkly is looking for a Customer Advocacy Manager who will support day to day marketing and sales customer advocacy requests. This role will be focused on developing customer advocates for public and private facing activities. This position will be driving revenue growth through the creation of compelling customer references and evidence materials, build brand awareness, and deepen relationships with existing and prospective customers.

This role is highly visible and cross-functional, requiring regular communication with LaunchDarkly’s corporate marketing, product marketing, customer success managers, leadership, account executives and business development.  This individual will also need to manage timely deliverables with strong communication and cross-functional partnering skills.  They must be team oriented and have a ‘can do’ attitude and be comfortable working in a fast paced, team-oriented environment. Successful candidates will have experience in building customer reference programs and will have a passion for identifying key customers that can serve as a marketing channel through case studies, blog posts, speaking opportunities, and more. You will enjoy this role if you like working with fast-paced teams, leading cross-functionally, and having autonomy to drive your initiatives. You will be a part of our global Customer Lifecycle Marketing team. 

Responsibilities:

Collaborate with product teams, customer success teams, and customers to gather information for creating compelling and interactive case studies.
Create programs and opportunities that put Enterprise logos and advocates in the spotlight.
Collaborate with the Marketing team, leveraging shared narratives and content to support education, product releases and community events.
Integrate customer advocacy and case study content into various marketing campaigns, including email marketing, webinars, and product launches.
Develop and execute advocacy campaigns, including case studies, testimonials, advisory boards, and success stories to showcase how our products and services have positively impacted our customers.
Build and maintain strong relationships with customers, understanding their needs and success stories. Act as the main point of contact for customer advocates.
Track and report on the impact of the customer advocacy program, including advocacy-driven revenue growth and improvements in customer satisfaction.
Partner with the Community team to promote customer content in community and user groups.
Project manage customer reference requests focused on various account sizes and plan types.
Work closely with our Sales and Customer Success teams to identify customer references to speak with prospects.
Liaise with customers, customer success team, and content team to develop content.
Strategize and execute GTM plans to increase user engagement and paid conversions across customer onboarding and life-cycle journeys.
Build and manage programs including a Champion Program, cultivating a network of influential advocates passionate about integrating LaunchDarkly in their organizations. 
Coordinate customer interviews to gain a deeper understanding of their LaunchDarkly use case.
Lead the formulation and ongoing tracking of customer advocacy programs, with the ability to run multiple programs at one time.
Qualifications:

5-6 years of program/project management experience
Proven experience in customer advocacy or customer success roles in a SaaS company.
Excellent storytelling abilities and the capacity to translate technical information into engaging narratives.
Comfortable with written and verbal communication skills (both internally, externally).
Excellent collaboration skills, self-motivated and willing to take initiative
Strong attention to details
Ability to multitask, prioritize and problem solve
Real passion for building customer advocates and developing customer experiences
Proven track record of successfully handling stakeholder relationships at all levels
Listening and persuasion skills
About LaunchDarkly:

Modern software delivery was supposed to be the foundation for a thriving digital business but reality has proven otherwise. Slow, inefficient development cycles, costly outages, and fragmented customer experiences are preventing developers from building their best software. The LaunchDarkly platform helps developers innovate on new features faster while protecting them with a safety valve to instantly rewind when things go wrong. Developers can target product experiences to any customer segment and maximize the business impact of every feature. And by gradually rolling out new application components, they escape nightmare "big-bang" technology migrations. 

The LaunchDarkly platform was built to guide engineers to the next frontier of DevOps by:

Improving the velocity and stability of software releases, without the fear of end customer outages
Delivering targeted experiences by easily personalizing features to customer cohorts
Maximizing the business impact of every feature through the ability to experiment and optimize
Coordinating the release and optimization of software to provide consistent experiences across mobile platforms and device types
Improving the effectiveness and productivity of engineering teams, by providing insights into engineering cadence and stability
At LaunchDarkly, we believe in the power of teams. We're building a team that is humble, open, collaborative, respectful and kind. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. LD invites any applicant to review our written Affirmative Action Plan. To do so, contact People Ops at hr@launchdarkly.com. 

One of our company values is 'Widen the Circle'. Which means we seek out diversity of perspectives to get better results. We understand everyone has their own unique talents and experiences. We encourage you to apply to this role even if you don’t think you meet 100% of the qualifications outlined above. We can find out together if it's the right match for your skillset.

Do you need a disability accommodation?

Fill out this accommodations request form and someone from our People Operations team will contact you for assistance. 

Apply for this job
*
indicates a required field
First Name*

Last Name*

Email*

Phone*

Resume/CV*
AttachAttach
,
Dropbox
,
Google Drive
,
or
enter manuallyenter manually
Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf
Cover Letter
AttachAttach
,
Dropbox
,
Google Drive
,
or
enter manuallyenter manually
Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf
LinkedIn Profile

Are you legally authorized to work in the United States for LaunchDarkly?*
Select...



Do you now, or will you in the future, require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B visa status, etc.) to work legally for LaunchDarkly in the United States?*
Select...



Where is your permanent (City, State) work location?*

Education
School
Select...


Degree
Select...


Discipline
Select...


Start date month
Select...


Start date year

End date month
Select...


End date year

Add another
U.S. Standard Demographic Questions
We invite applicants to share their demographic background. Please note this optional survey is different from the EEO questions further in the application -- we encourage you to answer both, as one is required for government reporting, and the other includes additional questions to further identify areas of improvement in our goal to become a more diverse and inclusive organization. Your responses will not be associated with your specific application and will not in any way be used in the hiring decision.

How would you describe your gender identity? (mark all that apply)
Select...


How would you describe your racial/ethnic background? (mark all that apply)
Select...


How would you describe your sexual orientation? (mark all that apply)
Select...


Do you identify as transgender?
Select...


Do you have a disability or chronic condition (physical, visual, auditory, cognitive, mental, emotional, or other) that substantially limits one or more of your major life activities, including mobility, communication (seeing, hearing, speaking), and learning?
Select...


Are you a veteran or active member of the United States Armed Forces?
Select...


Voluntary Self-Identification
For government reporting purposes, we ask candidates to respond to the below self-identification survey. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.

As set forth in LaunchDarkly’s Equal Employment Opportunity policy, we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected group status under any applicable law.
Gender
Select...


Are you Hispanic/Latino?
Select...


Race & Ethnicity Definitions
If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows:

A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.

A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service.

An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense.

An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985.
Veteran Status
Select...


Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability
Form CC-305
Page 1 of 1
OMB Control Number 1250-0005
Expires 04/30/2026

Why are you being asked to complete this form?
We are a federal contractor or subcontractor. The law requires us to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We have a goal of having at least 7% of our workers as people with disabilities. The law says we must measure our progress towards this goal. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had one. People can become disabled, so we need to ask this question at least every five years.

Completing this form is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer is confidential. No one who makes hiring decisions will see it. Your decision to complete the form and your answer will not harm you in any way. If you want to learn more about the law or this form, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.

How do you know if you have a disability?
A disability is a condition that substantially limits one or more of your “major life activities.” If you have or have ever had such a condition, you are a person with a disability. Disabilities include, but are not limited to:

Alcohol or other substance use disorder (not currently using drugs illegally)
Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, HIV/AIDS
Blind or low vision
Cancer (past or present)
Cardiovascular or heart disease
Celiac disease
Cerebral palsy
Deaf or serious difficulty hearing
Diabetes
Disfigurement, for example, disfigurement caused by burns, wounds, accidents, or congenital disorders
Epilepsy or other seizure disorder
Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, irritable bowel syndrome
Intellectual or developmental disability
Mental health conditions, for example, depression, bipolar disorder, anxiety disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD
Missing limbs or partially missing limbs
Mobility impairment, benefiting from the use of a wheelchair, scooter, walker, leg brace(s) and/or other supports
Nervous system condition, for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson’s disease, multiple sclerosis (MS)
Neurodivergence, for example, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder, dyslexia, dyspraxia, other learning disabilities
Partial or complete paralysis (any cause)
Pulmonary or respiratory conditions, for example, tuberculosis, asthma, emphysema
Short stature (dwarfism)
Traumatic brain injury
Disability Status
Select...


PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.
Powered by

Read our Privacy Policy