About the job
Netflix is one of the world’s leading entertainment services with 278 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, films and games across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can play, pause and resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time.

The Role

Netflix is one of the world's leading streaming entertainment services with over 270 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, films and games across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can play, pause, and resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time.

The Product Discovery and Promotion (PDP) organization within Netflix Product is looking for a seasoned business operations professional to join the team. Reporting to the Director of Business Operations & Program Management, this person will partner closely with the PDP business operations team to enable PDP to even more effectively accomplish key business goals by assessing and implementing smart, effective and impact driven business operations (overarching systems, processes, and activities) to minimize friction, overcome challenges, and achieve results faster and more consistently.

Business Operations is a new discipline in PDP. This is an impactful role, working closely with senior leaders in PDP, often as the “right hand of leadership”, and also being able to connect the dots across the business across all levels. In previous roles you may have been a COO or a chief of staff, you may have led large teams or small, what matters here is not the hierarchy or the authority you had but the impact you drove and the ways in which you delivered it. Our culture is one of seeking excellence and we put a premium on it.

As the Global Sr Business Operations Manager, this role will be heavily involved in defining and driving the global PDP rhythm of the business and key business beats such as annual planning, quarterly business review, annual resource planning & budgeting process. This role will collaborate closely with a network of Regional and Functional PDP BizOps Mgrs across the globe to implement and roll out these business operations rhythms and initiatives.

You Will

Define the PDP Global Rhythm of the Business (key business beats) and ensure alignment the overall Product rhythm of the business and the department specific rhythm of business within PDP
Drive the execution of the key business beats in PDP (e.g. annual planning, quarterly business reviews (QBR), joint planning with our product and engineering partners, annual title prioritization and quarterly title prioritization calibration, etc)
As a thought partner to the PDP leadership team, proactively identify and address business operations related gaps and needs through strategic problem solving. 
Design and deliver solutions that address business operations gaps and needs for the PDP Global business (e.g. planning and management processes, communication and stakeholder engagement frameworks, change and business transformation management) 
Collaborate with, organize and advise the PDP leadership team on setting, refining and tracking the progress of strategic global priorities and initiatives . 
Collaborate with key business stakeholder units, including financial and strategic planning teams, and ensure alignment on key PDP strategies, deliverables and timelines.
Connect with other Business Operations roles within and outside PDP to share learning and best practices and distill globe trends.
Travel as required (less than 15%)

Qualifications

5+ years of experience in establishing and driving business operational process across a business unit in a global or matrix setting (e.g. Annual Planning, Quarterly review, Goals management, resource / capacity planning & management, Roadmapping, Dependencies management) 
Have strong business mindset with good understanding of how a well oiled “business machine” is supposed to run
Have acted as a strategic partner to senior leaders. Attributes include:
Shine in ambiguous situations
Navigate between details and big pictures
Strategic thinker
Strong organizer
Operates effectively across many teams 
See around corners (anticipate bottlenecks, escalate effectively, anticipate and make trade-offs)
Influence over authority to promote alignment 
Strong communicator at leadership level
Able to switch between strategic and tactical (rolling up the sleeves and drive right in) seamlessly based on business needs
Have directly managed small teams, or had leadership roles in larger teams. 
5+ years of experience in using data and metrics to determine and drive business process improvements
8 - 10 years of experience in driving change management across complex organizational structure
8 - 10 years of experienced in driving complex program or project management, or consulting experience
Strong judgment and decisiveness when dealing with timely, deadline-driven, content-related issues and concerns
Excellent written (memos and presentations) and verbal communication skills; timely communication
Insatiable curiosity to learn new domains, keep up with industry innovation, and constantly ask ‘why’
Generally, our compensation structure consists solely of an annual salary; we do not have bonuses. You choose each year how much of your compensation you want in salary versus stock options. To determine your personal top of market compensation, we rely on market indicators and consider your specific job family, background, skills, and experience to determine your compensation in the market range. The range for this role is $210,000-$500,000.

Netflix provides comprehensive benefits including Health Plans, Mental Health support, a 401(k) Retirement Plan with employer match, Stock Option Program, Disability Programs, Health Savings and Flexible Spending Accounts, Family-forming benefits, and Life and Serious Injury Benefits. We also offer paid leave of absence programs. Full-time hourly employees accrue 35 days annually for paid time off to be used for vacation, holidays, and sick paid time off. Full-time salaried employees are immediately entitled to flexible time off. See more detail about our Benefits here.

Netflix is a unique culture and environment. Learn more here.

We are an equal-opportunity employer and celebrate diversity, recognizing that diversity of thought and background builds stronger teams. We approach diversity and inclusion seriously and thoughtfully. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, ancestry, national origin, caste, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic makeup, marital status, or military service.

Job is open for no less than 7 days and will be removed when the position is filled.