Forbright Bank
Senior Manager, Data & Analytics, Digital Banking 
United States · 1 week ago · Over 100 applicants
Remote  Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.
1 company alum works here
8 of 10 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit
See how you compare to over 100 other applicants. Try Premium for $0


Am I a good fit for this job?

How can I best position myself for this job?

Tell me more about Forbright...

Easy Apply

Save
Save Senior Manager, Data & Analytics, Digital Banking  at Forbright Bank
Share
Show more options
About the job
COMPANY DESCRIPTION: Forbright is a nationwide full-service bank and lender helping accelerate the transition to a sustainable and low-carbon economy. Headquartered in Chevy Chase, Maryland, Forbright is committed to accelerating the transition to a sustainable economy by financing visionary leader in clean energy, healthcare, technology, financial services, real estate, and other industries with extraordinary service.

COMPANY CULTURE: We are a dynamic, high energy, fun, and fast-paced organization that has an exciting growth trajectory, meaningful mission, and embedded responsible environmental, social, and governance (ESG) practices into our daily interactions. We offer our team members a culture of collaboration, inclusion, flexibility, recognition, and giving back. We look to hire individuals that are passionate about our mission, and who are motivated, customer and results-oriented, innovative, adaptable, and thoughtful.

COMPANY MISSION:  We are a mission-driven institution. We operate a sound dynamic institution that is well capitalized, liquid, profitable and uses best practices to manage risk and assure compliance with laws and regulations. We use Forbright’s capital, capabilities, innovation, and expertise to help our clients succeed and contribute broadly to building a more sustainable future.

JOB SUMMARY: The Senior Manager, Data & Analytics, Digital Banking is responsible for leading and managing data product initiatives, managing stakeholder requests, acting as a data Scrum Master, and performing business analysis and visualization tasks. This dual role requires a blend of technical expertise, project management skills, and stakeholder management capabilities. The role is crucial to building, maintaining, and optimizing a modern analytics infrastructure and establishing a single source of truth (SSOT) to power all Forbright Digital Banking analytics, reporting, and data initiatives.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:


Data Product Management: 
Lead the development and management of data & analytics projects from inception to launch, ensuring alignment with business objectives 
Act as Scrum Master for the data team, facilitating Agile ceremonies such as sprint planning, daily stand-ups, sprint reviews, and retrospectives 
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define data product vision, roadmap, and release plans 
Prioritize and manage the product backlog, ensuring that development tasks are aligned with business priorities and goals 
Engage with stakeholders to gather requirements, provide insights, and ensure successful implementation of data solutions 
Monitor and report on product performance, making data-driven recommendations for improvements 
Report out the work delivered by the data team, connecting deliverables to the value generated for the enterprise 
Business Analysis & Analytics Engineering: 
Write and optimize SQL queries to extract, manipulate, and analyze data from various databases 
Develop and maintain dashboards, reports, and data visualizations to support business decision-making 
Build and deploy DBT models to enhance analytics self-service capabilities, ensuring data transformation processes are efficient, reliable, and scalable 
Maintain and improve the data warehouse architecture to support analytics and reporting needs 
Implement best practices for version control, testing, and documentation in DBT projects 
Troubleshoot and resolve issues related to data transformations and pipelines 



QUALIFICATIONS:


Bachelor's or Master's Degree in Business Analytics, Computer Science preferred 
4+ years of experience showing progression/promotion within financial services industry
Strong knowledge of Agile methodologies and experience as a data product manager or scrum master 
Strong knowledge of Agile methodologies and experience as a data product manager or scrum master requires 
Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and communication skills 
Ability to manage multiple projects and priorities in a fast-paced environment 
Experience with stakeholder management and the ability to translate business needs into technical requirements 
Experience developing analytics solutions within cloud data warehouses (Snowflake, BigQuery, DataBricks) 
Expertise in SQL & Jira, Python, and data visualization tools 
Experience using DBT to transform raw data into production data models 
Knowledge of modeling data for BI tool consumption (Looker, Sigma, PowerBI) 
Understanding and application of technology trends (banking industry, lending industry and overall best practices) 



The pay range for this position is below. The specific rate will depend on the successful candidate’s qualifications and prior experience. $120,000 (entry level qualifications) to $160,000 (highly experienced).

POSITION REQUIREMENTS: The requirements described are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable employees to perform the essential functions. Work is conducted primarily in an office; however, some positions may be conducted remotely via technology. While performing duties of this job, the employee may be regularly required for prolonged periods of time to:


 Sit or stand at a desk
 Walk, stoop down, crouch, kneel or bend over
 Use hands and fingers
 Utilize a computer monitor with visual acuity
 Operate technology and other office machinery such as printers, fax machines, scanners, etc
 Communicate clearly both verbally and in writing with others



ADDITIONAL DUTIES: For Forbright Bank to remain efficient and nimble as a growing organization, team members are expected to exhibit a high level of flexibility regarding any duties that may be situationally assigned outside of this job description.

PERKS/BENEFITS:


 Comprehensive health, dental, and vision plans
 4 weeks PTO
 401k + company match
 Metro SmartTrip benefits ($50/mo)
 Remote or hybrid work schedules for most positions
 Bonuses for purchasing solar panels, electric vehicles, biking to work, etc
 Paid subscriptions to Veterans Compost, Imperfect Foods, and more!
 Best Workplaces for Commuters 2023 & 2024 winner
 The Washington Post Top Workplaces 2023 & 2024 winner
 American Banker Best Banks to Work For 2023 winner