Senior Manager, Financial Planning & Forecasting 
United States · Reposted 1 day ago · Over 100 applicants
$116K/yr - $178K/yr  Remote  Full-time
Skills: Financial Modeling, Financial Forecasting, +8 more

About the job
SeatGeek believes live events are powerful experiences that unite humans. With our technological savvy and fan-first attitude we’re simplifying and modernizing the ticketing industry. 

The FP&A team’s mission is to support and enable better financial planning and decision-making by leading forecasting processes across the business. The team consists of dedicated forecasting partners who support functions across SeatGeek by collaborating on and consolidating revenue and margin models for our Primary, Secondary, EMEA, and Inventory business lines. The team is responsible for weekly, quarterly, and long-range forecasting and budgeting; developing SeatGeek’s scenario planning capabilities; and supporting the Investor Relations team with guidance formulation.

As a Senior Manager, you will report into the Director of Financial Planning & Forecasting and will lead the team tasked with financial forecasting, budgeting, and reporting processes for all of our revenue lines.

What You'll Do

Maintain the rolling revenue forecast to inform in-quarter resource deployment decisions and to provide a preview of quarterly accounting close results.
Collaborate with leadership across the Supply organization to consolidate vertical and partnership budgeting, including existing client revenue forecasts and long-range sales forecasts
Partner closely with our Analytics and R&D teams to deploy new forecasting tooling and to understand and forecast the impact of new product releases on top-line revenue growth.
Develop scenario planning capabilities to allow SeatGeek to plan and prepare for a wide range of environments in the unpredictable live events business.
Lead data management processes for financial reporting at SeatGeek, establishing source of truth best practices for the data feeds that drive revenue forecasting

What You Have

8-10 years of relevant experience, with 7+ years of FP&A or Sales/Commercial Finance experience preferred
Experience leading a team of Finance Analysts and Managers
History of successfully partnering with Sales, Sales Ops, and Account Management teams on sales strategy, forecasting, sales operations
Experience partnering with Analytics and Data Science teams to integrate data-driven forecasting into FP&A processes
Strong project management skills - you are capable of conceiving and executing multiple work streams independently, with minimal oversight from manager
Mastery of financial modeling (3-statement, NPV, Deal Modeling) and spreadsheet functionality

Perks

Equity stake
Flexible work environment, allowing you to work as many days a week in the office as you’d like or 100% remotely
A WFH stipend to support your home office setup
Unlimited PTO
Up to 16 weeks of paid family leave
401(k) matching program
Health, vision, dental, and life insurance
Up to $25k towards family building services
$500 per year for wellness expenses
Subscriptions to Headspace (meditation), Headspace Care (therapy), and One Medical
$120 per month to spend on tickets to live events
Annual subscription to Spotify, Apple Music, or Amazon music

The salary range for this role is $116,000 - $178,000. Actual compensation packages within that range are based on a wide array of factors unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, years and depth of experience, certifications, and specific location.

SeatGeek is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment regardless of race, color, religion, creed, age, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, military or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law. As an equal opportunities employer, we recognize that diversity is a positive attribute and we welcome the differences and benefits that a diverse culture brings. Come join us!

To review our candidate privacy notice, click here.

 
See less
Set alert for similar jobs
Senior Financial Planning Manager, United States

Set alert
Pay found in job post
Retrieved from the description.
Base salary
$116,000/yr - $178,000/yr (from job description)