About the job
When you join Verizon

Verizon is one of the world's leading providers of technology and communications services, transforming the way we connect around the world. We're a human network that reaches across the globe and works behind the scenes. We anticipate, lead, and believe that listening is where learning begins. In crisis and in celebration, we come together-lifting up our communities and striving to make an impact to move the world forward. If you're fueled by purpose, and powered by persistence, explore a career with us. Here, you'll discover the rigor it takes to make a difference and the fulfillment that comes with living the #NetworkLife.

We are excited to present the following opportunities within the Data & Analytics (D&A) organization to the LGO Class of 2025. D&A at Verizon resides with the Verizon Global Services (VGS) business group and exists to bring data products to V-Teamers to enable us to make timely Business Analytics decisions armed with critical insights. 

 For the Class of 2025, Verizon is recruiting for a Business Intelligence - Senior Manager to join the D&A team. The desired candidate will have general accountability / responsibilities that span the following:

Manage the design and implementation of business data models, providing support and guidance to their team.
Collaborate with the internal teams and peers to determine the needs of the business and execute on the development of data models and solutions.
Responsible for addressing how the company competes in the marketplace and/or the ways in which the company can achieve its objectives within a particular business or business unit (e.g., strategic decisions regarding competitive advantage, customer satisfaction, cost leadership)
Determine the strategy of their team and manage the execution, driving the standards and principles that govern model development, validation, and implementation.
Drive continuous improvement, leveraging the latest industry knowledge and methods on AI and data modeling.
Ensure the organization meets the metrics set-forth by leadership including administrative, auditory, and KPIs.
Uses business data and statistical methods to analyze complex business problems. Provides consultative insight into business performance, where needed, and suggests areas and methods of improving operations to the business. Constructs dashboards, forecasts, recommendations, and strategic / tactical plans based on business data and market knowledge. Implements and oversees analytical approaches and methodologies
Responsibility for addressing how the company competes in the marketplace and/or 
Potential to manage a small team and makes recommendations regarding the hiring, firing, advancement, performance, promotion or any other change of status of team members. Assess employee performance, hold employees accountable, take appropriate corrective actions, and train and provide ongoing direction and feedback to team members.

You must be currently enrolled in the MIT LGO degree program and be in good academic standing to be considered.

In this hybrid role, you'll have a defined work location that includes work from home and assigned office days set by your manager. This hybrid role is open to Verizon Hubs: Basking Ridge, NJ (NYC area); Irving, TX (Dallas area); Alpharetta, GA (Atlanta area); Ashburn, VA (DC area); Boston, MA; Cary, NC (Raleigh-Durham area); Irvine, CA (Los Angeles area); and Lake Mary, FL (Orlando area) If relocation is required, relocation assistance may be available. 

What we're looking for...

You're a motivated self-starter. Never satisfied with the status quo, you're always trying to perform at your personal best. You thrive in a fast-paced environment where new challenges come up every day. You are flexible, dependable, and work well in varying environments. Learning quickly is personally rewarding and inspires you to take smart risks.

You'll need to have:
Current enrollment in an MBA or Master's degree program with a focus in Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics, Business Administration, or a related field with a completion date between December 2024 and June 2025.
This position is limited to students enrolled at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Sloan School of Management who are currently enrolled in the MIT Leaders for Global Operations (LGO) Program.
4+ years of progressive responsibility within Business Analytics, Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems or a related field. 
Willingness to travel and work in an assigned Verizon Hub. 

Even better if you have one or more of the following:
Demonstrated problem solving ability and advanced analytical skills.
Proven ability at engaging and influencing functional leaders and stakeholders.
Experience in strategic projects and change management, ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Motivated, results-driven attitude with excellent communications skills

If Verizon and this role sound like a fit for you, we encourage you to apply even if you don't meet every "even better" qualification listed above.

Where you'll be working

In this hybrid role, you'll have a defined work location that includes work from home and a minimum eight assigned office days per month that will be set by your manager.

Scheduled Weekly Hours
40

Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. At Verizon, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best. Check out our diversity and inclusion page to learn more.

Our benefits are designed to help you move forward in your career, and in areas of your life outside of Verizon. From health and wellness benefits, short term incentives, 401(k) Savings Plan, stock incentive programs, paid time off, parental leave, adoption assistance and tuition assistance, plus other incentives, we've got you covered with our award-winning total rewards package. For part-timers, your coverage will vary as you may be eligible for some of these benefits depending on your individual circumstances.

If you are hired into a California, Colorado, Connecticut, Hawaii, Maryland, Nevada, New York, Rhode Island, Washington or Washington, D.C. work location, the compensation range for this position is between $107,000.00 and $198,000.00 annually based on a full-time schedule. The salary will vary depending on your location and confirmed job-related skills and experience. This is an incentive based position with the potential to earn more. For part time roles, your compensation will be adjusted to reflect your hours.