About the job
Team Description

As Pendo continues to rapidly grow, our product strategy is centered around the Pendo One platform that supports 6 (and growing!) product lines. As a VP, Product Management, you'll lead a team crafting a best-in-class software products that elevates user experiences. This role will lead three strategic areas of the our Product: Anlaytics that empower product teams to understand user behaviors, our Enterprise roadmap that ensures Pendo supports the needs of the largest companies in the world, and our Platform that is growing to build a thriving ISV ecosystem.

The VP, Product Management will be responsible for defining and executing on all aspects of the product management strategy from inception to delivery to drive new+existing products and services inline with our 3-5 year vision. This executive will be responsible for collecting and interpreting market research, conceiving innovative products and services, creating a robust product roadmap, composing marketing and product requirements, and managing the product life cycle.

The right candidate will be a strategic and ambitious visionary with the proven ability to deliver products that create impact and deliver exceptional value to the end customer. Furthermore, this leader should be highly motivated to succeed, and empower their teams to do so, in an approachable manner, that engenders trust and confidence at all levels across the organization.

Role Responsibilities

Define, articulate, and execute on a clear vision and strategic product roadmap for Pendo’s new product lines
Partner with cross-functional leaders in helping define and influence product strategy that drives customer and business growth while creating future differentiation for Pendo
Devise and communicate clear long-term objectives, goals, and expectations.
Gather relevant intelligence to drive impactful change and provide critical insights into new products and features.
Execute all aspects of talent management: recruitment, development, performance management, and succession planning.
Serve as an influential member of both Pendo’s executive team and the Product Leadership Team

Minimum Qualifications

Seasoned product executive with 10+ years-experience ideally in B2B SaaS with strong preference for experience in high growth, VC backed startup environments.
Experience acting as the steward for an E2E product strategy for an entire organization.
Experience in engaging and evangelizing product and domain areas with external customers and partners in large forums
Significant experience in building for Enterprise companies and a keen understanding of their needs
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. An accomplished presenter who can successfully articulate the vision, product and strategy, as well as the critical issues and priorities.
Experience building strong teams and setting the tone for a high-trust environment. Proven ability to build, motivate, and mentor an exceptional product team to support growth.
Strategic thinker who can create and develop the long-term vision and is also a strong personal contributor with a desire to “roll-up their sleeves.”
Outstanding analytical skills and the ability to assess disparate data streams and distill them into meaningful, actionable strategic insights and recommendations.

Preferred Qualifications

Previous experience working on B2B SaaS Analytic products 
Experience in working with ISVs to build a thriving ISV ecosystem built upon deeply embedded integrations
Strong business acumen and strategic thinking, with the ability to translate data and digital insights into actionable business recommendations and drive tangible business outcomes
Experience working with in-app communication products to drive adoption

Pendo Description

Pendo was founded in 2013 by former product managers, who combined their heads and hearts to build something they wanted but never had as product managers -- a simple way to understand and attack what truly drives product success. Our mission is to improve society's experience with software.

Come join one of the fastest-growing startups, supported by best-in-class institutions like Battery Ventures, Salesforce Ventures, Spark Capital and Meritech. You will gain experience in a diverse and exciting set of technologies and clients and have a real impact on Pendo's future. Our culture is passionate, dynamic, and fun.

EEOC

We are an equal opportunity employer and believe having diverse teams where everyone brings their whole self to Pendo is key to our success. We welcome all people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives.

Accessibility

Pendo is committed to working with, and providing access and reasonable accommodation to, applicants with mental and/or physical disabilities. If you think you may require accommodation(s) for any part of the recruitment process, please send a request to: accommodation@pendo.io. All requests for accommodations are treated discreetly and confidentially, as practical and permitted by law.

Compensation

Our salary ranges are based on paying competitively for our size and industry, and are one part of many compensation, benefits and other reward opportunities we provide.

The expected base salary range for this role to be performed in:

Raleigh, NC - USD $260,000 - $280,000

Individual pay rate decisions, including offers made within and over the expected salary range, are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, experience level, skillset, and balancing internal equity relative to peers at the company.
